Documentation improvements (#144)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/basics/architecture-concepts.md

While you'll find some additional configuration files such as `webpack.config.js` in the project root, the majority of your projects codebase should live in the `src` directory, which is autoloaded via Composer following PSR-4 conventions. This implies that every directory under `src` is a namespace under your base namespace (which is your project name), and PHP files inside of those directories are classes in that namespace, with exceptions for filenames that aren't in `StudlyCase`. 

An Eightshift Development Kit convention is to structure namespaces around features and functionality, so for instance, all custom post types would be part of the `ProjectName\CustomPostType` namespace.

## Object-oriented paradigms

Eightshift Libs is entirely object-oriented, providing abstract classes for internal library functionality, interfaces you can use to implement certain classes to make use of Eightshift Development Kit features, as well as concrete class implementations for use in projects.

Our use of OOP allows you to extend, modify or even replace Eightshift Development Kit functionality safely, without breaking compatibility or harming your project.

> One of the most important interfaces in Eightshift Libs is the `ServiceInterface`. Classes which implement it are Service. This isn't a common pattern in PHP OOP. In Eightshift Development Kit, a Service class represents a part of the project's functionality, and has a `register() : void` method that sets up the action and filter hooks for the Service. By convention, it also contains a method which provided as a callback to the registered hooks. If you need to add an action or a filter, you should do that in a Service. All your Service classes are automatically loaded, and can be injected using dependency injection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the most important interfaces in Eightshift Libs is the `ServiceInterface`. Classes that implement it are called service classes. This isn't a common pattern in PHP OOP. In Eightshift Development Kit, a service class represents a part of the project's functionality and has a `register` method that sets up the action and filter hooks for the service. If you need to add an action or a filter, you should do that in a service class. All your service classes are automatically loaded and can have dependencies injected using dependency injection.
```

I removed the 

> By convention, it also contains a method which provided as a callback to the registered hooks.

Because I'm not 100% sure what you meant by this sentence 🤷🏼‍♂️

Author: That's entirely fair. I meant to say that the service class is usually the same class that provides the callback, i.e. that the register method adds hooks to `[$this, 'someMethod']`, but that's not too relevant and can be skipped.

> To ensure there are no naming collisions caused by Composer dependencies, we use Imposter to contain them in the `{ProjectName}Vendor` namespace. This comes with a few caveats which you should be aware of, and about which you can read more in the [namespaces chapter](namespaces)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure there are no naming collisions caused by Composer dependencies, we use the [Imposter Composer plugin](https://github.com/TypistTech/imposter-plugin) to contain them in the `{ProjectName}Vendor` namespace. This comes with a few caveats which you should be aware of, and about which you can read more in the [namespaces chapter](namespaces).
```

* Components don't implement the `{blockName}-block.js` file

Blocks and Components have the same structure, which makes extracting components from existing blocks trivially easy.

Components can be _composed_ into a block. In other words, blocks can consist out of zero or more components. Component composition is handled in the block manifest, allows you to avoid using InnerBlocks to include functionality shared with other blocks, and serializes component attributes to the block using prefixed attributes for each component instance depending on your manifest definitions.

To learn more about the differences between blocks and components, read [Igor's blog post on Components and blocks](../../blog/components-and-blocks). To learn how to use blocks and components to build your projects, read the [Blocks chapter](blocks).

## The Manifest

`manifest.json` files contain metadata, configurations and variables. 

Every Eightshift project has one global `manifest.json` file stored in `src/Blocks/manifest.json`, which contains global settings, properties, and variables. 

> Furthermore, every Eightshift block, component and variation has its own manifest file which is used to provide data required for block registration, such as a list of attributes, the block name and the template for the inserter example. These local manifest files allow you to define arrays of options for attribute values which your blocks or components can consume. Manifest files also allow you to define relationships between attribute values and CSS variable values, which allows you a great deal of power when styling your blocks and components, as well as saves time as you don't have to provide conditional CSS classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, every Eightshift block, component, and variation has its own manifest file which is used to provide data required for block registration, such as a list of attributes, the block name, and the template for the inserter example. These local manifest files allow you to define arrays of options for attribute values that your blocks or components can consume. Manifest files also allow you to define relationships between attribute values and CSS variable values, which allows you a great deal of power when styling your blocks and components, as well as saves time as you don't have to provide conditional CSS classes.
```

## The directory structure in detail

Your project might contain a different set of namespaces and classes in the `src` folder, depending on what you've included using wp boilerplate commands.
By default, your project will include the `Blocks`, `Config`, `Enqueue`, `Main`, `Manifest` and `Menu` namespaces. You can include classes from Eightshift Libs to provide additional functionality manually or using wp boilerplate.

This chapter also doesn't cover all of the namespaces and classes in Eightshift Libs, or their use. Check out the source code documentation for all available namespaces and classes.

- src
	- Blocks
  	- assets
  	- components
  	- custom
  	- variations
  	- wrapper
	- Columns
	- Config
	- CustomMeta
	- CustomPostType
	- CustomTaxonomy
	- Enqueue
		- Admin
		- Blocks
		- Theme
	- Exception
	- Helpers
	- I18n
	- Main
	- Manifest
	- Media
	- Menu
	- ModifyAdminAppearance
	- Plugin
	- Rest
	- ThemeOptions
	- View
- .storybook
- .gitignore
- .eslintignore
- .eslintrc
- .stylelintrc
- babel.config.js
- composer.json
- composer.lock
- package-lock.json
- package.json
- phpcs.xml.dist
- postcss.config.js
- README.md
- webpack.config.js

#### Blocks

> The Blocks namespace contains the Blocks class used for block registration. This directory also contains shared assets, components, blocks, variations and the wrapper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Blocks namespace contains the Blocks class used for block registration. This directory also contains shared assets, components, blocks, variations, and the wrapper.
```

Read about blocks in detail in the [Blocks chapter](blocks).

#### Columns

> This namespace contains all the custom admin listing columns hooks in your project. These include listing column hooks for post types, taxonomy and user lists, such as `manage_{$post_type}_posts_columns`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This namespace contains all the custom admin listing columns hooks in your project. These include listing column hooks for post types, taxonomy, and user lists, such as `manage_{$post_type}_posts_columns`.
```

#### CustomPostType

This namespace contains classes that register all custom post type hooks for your project. For better code consistency and to save time on boilerplating, Eightshift Development Kit provides an example class implementation you can use with `wp boilerplate create_post_type`.

#### CustomTaxonomy

This namespace contains classes that register all custom taxonomy hooks for your project. For better code consistency and to save time on boilerplating, Eightshift Development Kit provides an example class implementation you can use with `wp boilerplate create_taxonomy`.

#### Enqueue

These Enqueue namespace classes handle loading JavaScript and CSS assets, depending on the location you want to use it:
- **Admin** - Used in the admin (not block editor) panel. You can find the files inside the `assets` folder with the `-admin` suffix.
- **Blocks** - Used in the block editor. You can find the files inside the `src/Blocks/assets` folder. As blocks are complicated, we have files loaded only in the admin-editor part of the project, those files have an `-editor` suffix. The rest of the files with no suffix load on the admin-editor part and the project's front end.

> - **Theme** - Used in the theme (frontend) part of your project. You can find the files inside the `assets` folder with no suffix. You would use these files for stuff related to your project that is not associated with components and blocks. These files are rarely used, as styles and JavaScript functionality are usually provided at component, block or wrapper levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Theme** - Used in the theme (frontend) part of your project. You can find the files inside the `assets` folder with no suffix. You would use these files for the assets related to your project that is not associated with components and blocks. These files are rarely used, as styles and JavaScript functionality are usually provided at component, block, or wrapper levels.
```

Author: Absolutely, thanks! This one got away.

#### Main

The Main namespace contains the `Main` class, which sets up the dependency injection container and autowiring using `AbstractMain` and `Autowiring` classes. For most projects, `Main` can be used automagically without any work on your part, but as with all of the Eightshift Development Kit, you can extend it to suit your needs.

You can provide manual service classes here as well. Learn more in the [autowiring chapter](autowiring).

#### Manifest

The Manifest namespace provides the `manifest.json` file location and helpers to return the full path for a specific asset. Learn more about the manifest in the [manifest chapter](manifest).

#### Media

The Media namespace is used to add custom implementations for media, such as adding custom image sizes, enabling SVG image support, etc. By default, it registers theme support for title tags, HTML5 and post thumbnails.

#### Menu

This class is used to register menu positions.

#### ModifyAdminAppearance

This class is used to change admin appearance. We use it to change the admin color palette depending on the environment.

#### Plugin

> This namespace is used only in the plugin boilerplate and holds classes required for activation and deactivation of the plugin.

Reviewer: Not sure this is correct 🤔 

I know that in the themes we used this to override some specific plugin's functionality (like ACF modifying dropdowns, or GF modifying their built-in block attributes to be compatible with our blocks).

Author: Thanks for flagging all of these concerns.

The namespace descriptions are mostly taken from existing content. However, I've went ahead and fact-checked them while writing this. In eightshift-libs, the `Plugin` namespace is only used for plugin (de)activation: https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-libs/tree/develop/src/Plugin

We do use the `Plugins` (note the plural form) namespace on projects to integrate with external plugins (think ACF field registration). This isn't part of eightshift-libs. 

I believe that this is correct given the state of eightshift-libs, but not for all Eightshift-based projects. Goes to show how extensible the development kit is when the maintainers forget something is a custom implementation ;)

#### composer.json

Contains a list of your project's Composer dependencies, as well as project metadata and configuration. Dependencies can be added and installed using `composer install`. Read more [about Composer](https://getcomposer.org/).

#### composer.lock

Lock files are used to set the package version to the exact release. This ensures that everyone has the same package version when installing.

#### package-lock.json

The same as `composer.lock`, but for node_modules.

#### package.json

Contains a list of your project's npm dependencies, as well as project metadata and configuration. Dependencies can be added and installed using `npm install`. Read more [about npm](https://nodejs.dev/).

#### phpcs.xml.dist

Provides definitions used for linting PHP files. Read more [about PHPCS](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer).

#### postcss.config.js

PostCSS works in collaboration with Webpack and defines what additional plugins you are going to use when building your CSS files. Read more [about PostCSS](https://postcss.org/).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
